
To begin our analysis of how accuratly this program generated sentences we will first begin on a single file "austen-emma.txt"
We will take the output of a couple of examples and compare them to grammatically correct sentences.
It's worth noting all user input will be lowercased.

User Input    -> the
System Output -> the very first distinction in the scale of vanity
Complete Sentence -> The very first thing noticed was the scale of the city.
Review: no grammatical errors, good sentence structure, complete sentence
Score: 9 / 10

User Input   -> i am
System Output -> i am sure i should like to see it
Complete Sentence -> I am sure I would like to see it.
Review: no grammatical errors, good sentence structure, complete sentence
Score: 9 / 10

User Input   -> She is wet
System Output -> she is wet rideyeshe meant to walk with her but she saw in it only increase of happiness to all and had no scruple in urging him to the utmostshe had such a regard for mr knightley as to think he deserved even her dearest emma and it was not so much his behaviour as h
er own heart was the first thing to call for more than a few words said that if his consent and approbation could be obtainedwhich she trusted would be attended with no difficulty since it was a very good sort of people as ever lived and who have been the death of me
Complete Sentence -> She is wet from walking with him, but she saw joy and happiness doing it and had no problem urging him to do so... (this may be a complete sentence)
Review: There were quite a bit of spelling errors due to the normalization of the text and removal of the punctuation.  This may be a complete sentence but it ran on quite a bit, but seems somewhat gramatically correct.
Score: 6 / 10

User Input   -> he told her to
System Output -> he told her to be the luckiest creature in the world
Complete Sentence -> He told her to be the greatest creature to ever live.
Review:  Perfect sentence.  Perfect Grammar
Score: 10 / 10

We will now increase the corpus to handle multiple files to see the performance of this model.
We were shocked to see how accurately sentences can be generated based off probability with one file.

User Input  -> i
System Output -> i am sure i should like to see it
Complete Sentence -> I am sure I would like to see it.
Review: Good Grammar. Complete Sentence
Score: 9 / 10

User Input  -> spread your
System Output -> spread your own
Complete Sentence -> Spread your butter.
Review: Good Grammar. Complete Sentence
Score: 10 / 10

User Input  -> we enjoy to
System Output -> we enjoy to be a source of repentance and misery to each she dissolved itwhat a view this gives of her sense of his soninlaws protection would have been a great deal of pleasure and parade
Complete Sentence -> we enjoy to be a source of fun and joy.
Review: Run on, poor grammar, doesn't seem like a complete sentence
Score: 3 / 10

User Input  -> this is the last one
System Output -> this is the last one of the most lovely and accomplished young women in england for your daughter
Complete Sentence -> This is one of the last one of the most lovely and successful young man in england for your daughter.
Review: Perfect Grammar, Complete Sentence
Score: 10 / 10

In conclusion static based modeling gave us surprisingly accurate results even given a small corpus.  It appears at a certain point the size of the corpus doesn't matter as much so as the consistancy
of the data you're feeding the model.  This means the corpus must contain documents in which are in the same language, and are grammatically correct.  An improvement for this program would be to use part
of speech tagging to prevent run-on sentences.

